Impact Vizor is a visual analytics tool that provides insight into the reach and impact of scholarly content. It brings together early citation and usage data from multiple sources and consolidates it into self-service, interactive viewers. Thanks to its visual nature, Impact Vizor provides easily accessible editorial and business insight that can be accessed quickly by anyone regardless of their technical expertise.
Impact Vizor integrates data about citations, usage, and social media with published metadata and internal editorial data to enable evidence-based decision-making about impact and resonance of research publications.
Value Proposition:
Provides insight into impact well ahead of traditional citation reporting, which can take up to 3 years, so that editors can take early action
Empowers publishers and editors to make evidence-based decisions when shaping their publishing programs
Provides a competitive advantage by visualizing impact for both published and rejected articles
Integrates multiple sources to provide a thorough view into impact
Updated regularly to provide a current snapshot of impact
Saves costs as publishers are able to optimize engagement with consultants, who can now provide higher-value advice rather than spendingtime manually constructing a one-time report
 
Highlights:
Interactive and instant examination of impact by topic, by section, by an editor, by time, etc.
Data and metadata is drawn from published content, industry databases, and manuscript systems such as BenchPress, eJournal Press, Scholar One, and Aries.  Publishers can provide custom metadata feeds as well.
Impact Vizor consists of the Rejected-Article Tracker, Hot Article Tracker, Hot Object Tracker, Citation Distribution Surveyor, and 2 additional viewers, plus optional viewers as well.
Strong Vizor user community who actively provides ideas for new Vizors and helps determine the priority order of releases.
Easy filtering and point and click tools make Impact Vizor usable by non-technical and non-analyst staff.